hi guys it's been Heath from lead guru
and in this video I'm going to talk
about three campaign objectives so you
should probably be using if you're
advertising on Facebook now when you
create a Facebook ad campaign the
objective the campaign objective that
you choose is really important because
Facebook would optimize your campaign
for that objective so if you tell
Facebook that you want conversions or
you want brand awareness or you want
video views then Facebook will optimize
your campaign and put it in front of
people that are most likely to take your
desired action of course most people
that advertise on Facebook simply boost
posts and that's great for generating
engagement that's great for generating
comments likes and shares but if you're
not looking for those things if you're
looking for something else which a lot
of advertisers are then that's not the
campaign objective that you should be
using the most obvious campaign
objective that people don't use that
they should be using is conversions if
you're looking to generate leads or
sales via your website then you should
have a conversions campaign objective
now in order to use that property you
will need to have the Facebook pixel
installed properly on your website with
the conversion code but once you do have
that set up Facebook will then be able
to optimize for people that do turn into
leads that do turn into sales and this
can have a massive impact on your
Facebook ad campaigns I would say that
80 percent maybe even 90 percent of all
the campaigns that we run for our
clients are conversion campaigns and
that's a way that we can often get a
quick and easy win for our clients when
we do take over their account is by
converting their campaign objectives
from traffic or engagement to
conversions so conversions is a campaign
objective that nearly everyone should be
using because almost everyone
advertising on Facebook is looking to
generate leads or sales at some point at
some part of their advertising sales
funnel but if you're looking to grow
your brand if that's your primary
objective on Facebook is to grow your
brand then you should use the brand
awareness objective it sounds very
straight forward and it is but it can
make a big difference to campaigns if
you select the brand awareness objective
then Facebook will put your ad in front
of people that are most likely to recall
your ad and that's of course what brand
awareness is the ability to recall and
remember a company and their products or
services and I would
we recommend that businesses advertising
on Facebook dedicated at least 10% of
their total ad budget to brand awareness
campaigns because the effects over the
long run can be very beneficial and if
you've been following my videos for a
while you'll know that I'm a big fan of
using video content on Facebook I'm a
big fan of facebook video ads and if
you've got a new video and you want to
get that out to as many people as
possible there's another very simple
campaign objective that you should be
using for that and that's video views
selecting Facebook ad campaign
objectives is not rocket science it's
very simple you just treat it like a
menu at a restaurant if you want as many
video views as possible you select video
views if you want to grow the awareness
of your brand you select brand awareness
if you want leads and sales you select
conversions but most people don't do
that so it's really important that you
do just very quickly take the time to
think what is it that I actually want
from this Facebook campaign what is my
objective and go and select the one
that's most appropriate so depending
what you're looking to achieve on
Facebook those are three campaign
objectives that I would strongly
recommend you use and if you are looking
for help with your Facebook ad campaigns
and my company lead guru is a digital
marketing agency that specializes in
Facebook advertisement we've created
many different campaigns using all the
campaign objectives including the ones
that I've quickly mentioned here for
many different businesses in many
different industries so if you're
looking to get better results from
Facebook than what you're currently
getting we can almost certainly help you
achieve that if you're interested in
working with us you can let us know by
leaving a comment below or simply click
on the link in the video description
then we'll take you through to the
contact page on our website and you can
obviously get in touch with us there so
best of luck with your Facebook ad
campaigns make sure that you use the
right campaign objective don't just
boost posts and I'll talk to you soon